[Music]
hi hello welcome back to another video
I've got you doing really good and you
are safe and well at the moment in
today's what I'm going to be doing a ye
in a day and I'm also going to go
through some tips that I think would be
super helpful and useful or stay in
shape
whilst at home at the moment jumps right
into it but before we do that if you
could hit this video with a lark it
really helps and supports my channel on
this very appreciated if I didn't work
out this morning and I trained bastard
so I'm super hungry right now so I'm
just gonna make some like protein oats
my absolute favorite I have this every
single day multiple times as well may I
add like usually after dinner this is my
go-to super super tasty and it's like a
really sweet loveliness this is my
outfit of the day I've just got some
right cycle shorts or a little crop oh
and matching today for breakfast this is
all I'm using just some Oh some impact
wave protein I absolutely love cookies
and cream flavor unsweetened almond meal
chia seeds for the toppings
some vanilla flavored drops and a chop
shop shot got that smell oh my god this
came yesterday I ordered and it's smooth
peanut butter
why have I never had smooth before like
Wow
let me guess food Wow 40 grams of these
150 grams of all even a stir and I'm
just gonna microwave them always cook my
oats in a plastic container and then
just pour them into my ceramic bowl feel
like everyone's got a designated oat
ball or is that just me
so like sorry I was looking I was
looking online for like a coconut bowl
and spoon and then I ran
but I have actually got this one that I
brought back from Seychelles last year a
little remembrance but obviously I've
never really used it it's like a piña
colada kind of thing so I'm gonna try
and like cut out this top bit and make
it instruct my own little coconut roll
my protein and then you might have
another flavor drops these make all the
difference
I got so excited about my oat octaves
these are frozen blueberries I haven't
no to get like my dark berries and
things that usually you get because you
know I've been in quarantine at a moment
though these are aster frozen berries
I'll let you just put like 40 grams in
the microwave microwave that for about a
minute so that it goes to like a nice
out of juice thing oh it's so nice it
tastes like I think is it like a book
with a crude oil crumble but yeah it's a
real game-changer
[Music]
so here is meal one of the day oh my god
but my tea and my earth and my to do
expects to read that one's pretty good
[Music]
[Applause]
I know quite a few you've got the
Nespresso machine as well so want me to
share these Starbucks blonde roast
espresso pots that are so nice that I've
been having in this week and probably my
favorite flavor quite a while and I'm
not actually the biggest fan of star but
Wendy's I've got them from as dead
[Music]
I want you to sit down with a coffee I
don't feel like I've caught up with you
guys in a while so a minute we're all
sort of like up and down like I keep
having really good days the odd like
blip and you know up and down days and I
think for a lot of us I feel like anyone
that I've spoken to like my friends and
family it's quite similar and I'm not
gonna sit here for two minutes and say
that every day I'm productive every day
I am on top for everyone smashing my
work actually no I am human but when it
comes to motivation that is probably our
most frequently asked question at how do
I stay motive all the time I don't
personally think you can rely on
motivation to get [ __ ] done and it just
comes down to you know finding out what
makes you feel good and for me
working out is one of those things like
when I am acting for a body moving and
stuff and I've got endorphins flowing I
know I'm like a lot happier within
myself and it's like therapy for me
working out so if I've got a workout
done first thing it sort of sets me up
for the day something I've tried this
with sticking it to sort of a same time
to work out for me I think mornings are
great especially rush you're working out
from home because you're gettin up
gettin it done if you're feeling a
little bit like less motivated can
guarantee once you've got that first
like accomplishment you know being a
workout done you're gonna feel more
inclined to have like a bet today I know
that for sure and I think it can be so
easy to put off your workout when you're
at home because you're just at home any
when it gets intogen you should want to
sit down watch a movie or something but
you think a still got to work out and
then you don't end up doing it so it's
just like a bit of a cycle and
dedicating that time like I am so
serious when it comes to my workouts
that makes the noise laughs but I've got
my headphones in I've write down all my
sets and all my reps and kick them off
as I go not so much
she's been so cheeky twist
it's got lovely detail with each shot
spent on lunch and I managed to get my
hands on some turkey rashes on the last
food shop happiest day ever
I haven't ever be able to find them for
the longest time so I'm really happy for
lunch I'm gonna have a bagel thing we've
been in the freezer and they're super
easy just take them and put them in the
oven and they take a few minutes in and
they're gonna have some unsmoked turkey
brushes I absolutely love these some
cucumber that is actually about my
carrot and some avocado and some
scrambled eggs today just have some
handsome
egg whites I've just measured a hundred
and forty grams of dick I always like
passing sir garlic black pepper and like
some hot paprika on to my head for like
egg whites especially they're not as
tasty as like full eggs
[Music]
so here is my lunch Arcaro scrambled egg
turkey rashes and cucumber and tomato
ketchup
[Music]
so since releasing my home workouts
guide I've been working on something
really exciting an e-book which is full
of healthy recipes all and 330 calories
really tasty and really good for
satisfying like all your cravings
basically I've got everything from my
sweet to savory quite a theeven like the
recipes and stuff that I've cooked over
on my youtube so there's loads of stuff
in there it's jam-packed full of
goodness like my main priority actually
probably an overnight is like eating a
nutritious but really tasty food like it
doesn't have to be bland you don't have
to eat chicken and rice all day long
to reach your fitness goals or not to
hook chocolate like that is an absolute
myth there's so many way it's just like
being smart with your macros and you
know being consistent as well I'll leave
a link to that below and makes me it's
so happy seeing you guys enjoying like
my workouts recipes every six I've
managed to keep my dressing room
very tidy which is unheard of I've had
some unit deliveries this week as well
and I can't wait to wear the the set
that I've got in the gray and black that
you look definitely see right now in the
red of what was really nice the shorts
that had on in the workout today not
sure about these on the website but I
actually like sit in the kind of like
Thai boxing style I think these great
shots as well to work out and obviously
we're doing so nice as week so I don't
really have that many like funky shots
but of this top from pretty little thing
but it's like it's so thin it a bit
wishy-washy I'm gonna go and a walk in a
second
it's literature and blue sky for the
past video this so nice makes the
biggest difference so I just feel like
everyone's in just the best mood for
this and off Amazon Prime
this is my little Fitbit that is my new
obsession I've been tracking all my
workout track in my sleep how many steps
I do it Mason's been using his run as
well so
we've been going on like daily walks
I've been listening it to a podcast in
the morning as well as walking just been
good for your health
it's so nice just clear your head like
if you're just feeling a bit overwhelmed
especially with these time it's just
nice to get out in the sunshine guess
and vitamin D hey this is literally one
of my favorite snacks at the moment it's
just Riley - peanut butter and chopped
banana it's actually quite filling -
fair and just really really satisfying
like you've got to try it if you haven't
already it's got the mixture of crunch
sweetness my favorite and it's really
perfect it is do you know time and I'm
going to make some like healthy beef
burger some beef mince in so I'm just
gonna like make my own little burger
things this is something I've done a few
times last week
and I've been really liking it just a
huge inion and I've just got a huge
onion some mushrooms and tomatoes and
they're like stuff into their beef mint
here
[Music]
just take all these little burger things
out the oven and they take her out for
15 to 20 minutes but just keep an eye on
then it also depends on how thick you
make them as well I've got money as well
from muscle food really I've just
toasted a wholemeal piece of bread and
then I just cooked some avocado some
lettuce with some cucumber and balsamic
vinegar on top here's my final meal of
the day it's like this healthy version
of a burger with a load of salad avocado
I'm smarter than that
honest tastes absolutely amazing I
really like this reduced sugar and salt
smart to catch up to go on top and just
to mention as well I use the 5% fat beef
mint also gonna have my dinner my
favorite wasn't much referring to diet
coke I'm just selling myself there and
I'm about to put oh oh I've been loving
that series Mason actually finished it
without me which wasn't happy works
we're supposed to watch it together but
I kept going to sleep you know I early
on a night and he'd throw up because I
shouldn't fall asleep while on the sofa
so I'm gonna finish that burger was
Fleming delicious you've got to try that
recipe I mean how much lighter is on an
evening I really think that's made all
the difference and always makes much
difference to my mood as we make some
like desserts from form
sadly ate all of my natural yogurt so
I'm gonna have to improvise because I
like to have my yogurt chocolate and
we're going over on a night so that's
what I'm gonna do next before I get in
the shower and everything
I'm gonna have some of this thin and
Danish protein in my pocket you know Lex
is my new favorite chocolate bomb the
dark chocolate orange so so good here's
my that I wouldn't normally have it with
you of it but I've ran out so we're just
improvising with the cottage cheese and
the cinnamon Danish way guys that brings
us to the end of this video I really
hope you enjoyed it and let me know if
you've got any video suggestions in the
comments down below if you aren't
already don't forget to subscribe and
like this video and I'll see you guys in
the next one